ERC1155 docs (#920)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/api/erc1155.adoc

:inner-src5: xref:api/introspection.adoc#ISRC5[SRC5 ID]

= ERC1155

Reference of interfaces, presets, and utilities related to ERC1155 contracts.

TIP: For an overview of ERC1155, read our xref:erc1155.adoc[ERC1155 guide].

== Core

[.contract]
[[IERC1155]]
=== `++IERC1155++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/cairo-2/src/token/erc1155/interface.cairo[{github-icon},role=heading-link]

[.hljs-theme-dark]
```javascript
use openzeppelin::token::erc1155::interface::IERC1155;
```
Interface of the IERC1155 standard as defined in {eip1155}.

[.contract-index]
.{inner-src5}
--
0x6114a8f75559e1b39fcba08ce02961a1aa082d9256a158dd3e64964e4b1b52
--

[.contract-index]
.Functions
--
* xref:#IERC1155-balance_of[`++balance_of(account, token_id)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-balance_of_batch[`++balance_of_batch(accounts, token_ids)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-safe_transfer_from[`++safe_transfer_from(from, to, token_id, value, data)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-safe_batch_transfer_from[`++safe_batch_transfer_from(from, to, token_ids, values, data)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-is_approved_for_all[`++is_approved_for_all(owner, operator)++`]

> * xref:#IERC1155-set_approval_for_all[`++set_approval_for_all(operator, approved)++`]

Reviewer: sorry if i brought up this before already. if we have an official decision maybe we should [document it](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/issues/726)

> * xref:#IERC1155-set_approval_for_all[`++set_approval_for_all(operator, approved)++`]

Reviewer: yes apparently this came up before [and it's unresolved](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/issues/726#issuecomment-1726715378). we can ignore it for this PR

--

[.contract-index]
.Events
--
* xref:#IERC1155-TransferSingle[`++TransferSingle(operator, from, to, id, value)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-TransferBatch[`++TransferBatch(operator, from, to, ids, values)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-ApprovalForAll[`++ApprovalForAll(owner, operator, approved)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-URI[`++URI(value, id)++`]
--

==== Functions

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155-balance_of]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++balance_of++#++(account: ContractAddress, token_id: u256) → u256++` [.item-kind]#external#

Returns the amount of `token_id` owned by `account`.

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155-balance_of_batch]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++balance_of_batch++#++(accounts: Span<ContractAddress>, token_ids: Span<u256>) → Span<u256>++` [.item-kind]#external#

Returns a list of balances derived from the `accounts` and `token_ids` pairs.

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155-safe_transfer_from]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++safe_transfer_from++#++(from: ContractAddress, to: ContractAddress, token_id: u256,  value: u256, data: Span<felt252>)++` [.item-kind]#external#

> Transfers `value` of `token_id` from `from` to `to`, checking first that `to` is aware of the ERC1155 protocol to prevent tokens being locked forever.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transfers `value` of `token_id` from `from` to `to`, checking first that `to` is able to handle ERC1155 tokens to prevent getting them locked forever.
```
i think the previous description excluded accounts

> For information regarding how contracts communicate their awareness of the ERC1155 protocol, see {receiving-tokens}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how this is checked, see {receiving-tokens}.
```
what do you think about simplifying this? i believe awareness is just part of this mechanism

Emits a <<IERC1155-TransferSingle,TransferSingle>> event.

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155-safe_batch_transfer_from]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++safe_batch_transfer_from++#++(from: ContractAddress, to: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>, data: Span<felt252>)++` [.item-kind]#external#

> Transfer `values` of `token_ids` (matched by index) from `from` to `to`, checking first that `to` is aware of the ERC1155 protocol to prevent tokens being locked forever.

Reviewer: same here regarding awareness

Reviewer: maybe we can talk about compatibility

Reviewer: another alternative for this specific method is to say it's the batch version of `safe_transfer_from`

Author: > maybe we can talk about compatibility

Not sure what you mean here.

> another alternative for this specific method is to say it's the batch version of safe_transfer_from

I like explaining the behavior more explicitly. Sentences like "batched version of" could be ambiguous sometimes. like

Reviewer: > Not sure what you mean here.

i mean that there's not really "awareness" of ERC1155 in the case of accounts, but "ERC1155 compatibility" instead. awareness is what `ERC1155Receiver`s have but that's only part of the story

Reviewer: > I like explaining the behavior more explicitly. Sentences like "batched version of" could be ambiguous sometimes.

sure, i usually vouch for explicitness in API docs because it's a reference material: you don't read all but jump to what you're interested instead. i was only suggesting it because that's how we define it in the in-code docs and [the solidity one](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/5.x/api/token/erc1155#IERC1155-balanceOfBatch-address---uint256---)

Author: Updated already, let me know what you think.

Author: Removed the awareness as suggested.

Reviewer: oh i thought you were referring to the batched definition

* xref:#ERC1155Component-update_with_acceptance_check[`++update_with_acceptance_check(self, from, to, token_ids, values, data)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-mint_with_acceptance_check[`++mint_with_acceptance_check(self, to, token_id, value, data)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-batch_mint_with_acceptance_check[`++batch_mint_with_acceptance_check(self, to, token_ids, values, data)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-burn[`++burn(self, from, token_id, value)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-batch_burn[`++batch_burn(self, from, token_ids, values)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-set_uri[`++set_uri(self, uri)++`]
--

[.contract-index]
.Events
--
.IERC1155
* xref:#ERC1155Component-TransferSingle[`++TransferSingle(operator, from, to, id, value)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-TransferBatch[`++TransferBatch(operator, from, to, ids, values)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-ApprovalForAll[`++ApprovalForAll(owner, operator, approved)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-URI[`++URI(value, id)++`]
--

==== Embeddable functions

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-balance_of]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++balance_of++#++(self: @ContractState, account: ContractAddress, token_id: u256) → u256++` [.item-kind]#external#

> Returns the number of NFTs owned by `account` for a specific `token_id`.

Reviewer: i think it's a bit odd to have different definitions for the same methods in here and in the interface. why not following ERC721's model where we point to the definition in the interface, and specify impl-specific behavior such as input requirements, emitted events, etc?

Author: Unnecessary extra click IMO, and more when the interface description is not the same as the implementation description (lacking requirements, etc...). Users needed to click to go to the interface to get the main idea, and then get back to the component to see the extra requirements and things, feels like not the best UX IMO. I vote for avoiding those redirections as much as possible, and I think this is a good example of how we can avoid it.

Author: For example, in ERC721 we have requirements in snake_case methods, but not in camelCase methods, because in camelCase we are redirecting to the interface description, not to the component snake_case description, so users checking camelCase would be totally missing the requirements.

Author: I think we should explain everything in the snake case section, not redirecting to the interface, and then in camelCase section we can redirect to the snake case section, but not to the interface.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-safeBatchTransferFrom]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++safeBatchTransferFrom++#++(ref self: ContractState, from: ContractAddress, to: ContractAddress, tokenIds: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>, data: Span<felt252>)++` [.item-kind]#external#

See <<ERC1155Component-safe_batch_transfer_from,ERC1155Component::safe_batch_transfer_from>>.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-isApprovedForAll]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++isApprovedForAll++#++(self: @ContractState, owner: ContractAddress, operator: ContractAddress) -> bool++` [.item-kind]#external#

See <<ERC1155Component-is_approved_for_all,ERC1155Component::is_approved_for_all>>.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-setApprovalForAll]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++setApprovalForAll++#++(ref self: ContractState, operator: ContractAddress, approved: bool)++` [.item-kind]#external#

See <<ERC1155Component-set_approval_for_all,ERC1155Component::set_approval_for_all>>.

==== Internal functions

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-initializer]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++initializer++#++(ref self: ContractState, uri: ByteArray)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

> Initializes the contract by setting the token uri as `uri`, and registering the supported interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initializes the contract by setting `uri` as the base URI for all tokens, and registering the supported interfaces.
```
i think we might need to update this variable name to `base_uri` across the codebase, especially the initializer

Author: Updated, let me know if you think there are places where we should still update it.

Author: Updated!

This should only be used inside the contract's constructor.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-update]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++update++#++(ref self: ContractState, from: ContractAddress, to: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Transfers a `value` amount of tokens of type `id` from `from` to `to`.
Will mint (or burn) if `from` (or `to`) is the zero address.

Requirements:

- `token_ids` and `values` must have the same length.

Emits a <<ERC1155Component-TransferSingle,TransferSingle>> event if the arrays contain one element,
and <<ERC1155Component-TransferBatch,TransferBatch>> otherwise.

NOTE: The ERC1155 acceptance check is not performed in this function.
See <<ERC1155Component-update_with_acceptance_check,update_with_acceptance_check>> instead.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-update_with_acceptance_check]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++update_with_acceptance_check++#++(ref self: ContractState, from: ContractAddress, to: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>, data: Span<felt252>)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Version of `update` that performs the token acceptance check by calling

> `IERC1155Receiver::onERC1155Received` or `IERC1155Receiver::onERC1155BatchReceived` if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`onERC1155Received` or `onERC1155BatchReceived` if
```
do we need to add the interface name? it makes it harder to read

==== `[.contract-item-name]#++burn++#++(ref self: ContractState, from: ContractAddress, token_id: u256, value: u256)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Destroys a `value` amount of tokens of type `token_id` from `from`.

Requirements:

- `from` cannot be the zero address.
- `from` must have at least `value` amount of tokens of type `token_id`.

Emits a <<ERC1155Component-TransferSingle,TransferSingle>> event.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-batch_burn]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++batch_burn++#++(ref self: ContractState, from: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Batched version of <<ERC1155Component-burn,burn>>.

Requirements:

- `from` cannot be the zero address.
- `from` must have at least `value` amount of tokens of type `token_id`.
- `token_ids` and `values` must have the same length.

Emits a <<ERC1155Component-TransferBatch,TransferBatch>> event.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-set_uri]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++set_uri++#++(ref self: ContractState, uri: ByteArray)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Sets a new URI for all token types, by relying on the token type ID
substitution mechanism defined in the ERC1155 standard.

> See https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155#metadata.

Reviewer: same as above, i'd add this link to the previous line

By this mechanism, any occurrence of the `\{id\}` substring in either the
URI or any of the values in the JSON file at said URI will be replaced by
clients with the token type ID.

For example, the pass:[<code>https://token-cdn-domain/\{id\}.json</code>] URI would be
interpreted by clients as
pass:[<code>https://token-cdn-domain/000000000000...000000000000004cce0.json</code>]

> for token type ID 0x4cce0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for token type ID `0x4cce0`.
```

==== `[.contract-item-name]#++URI++#++(value: ByteArray, id: u256)++` [.item-kind]#event#

See <<IERC1155-URI,IERC1155::URI>>.

== Receiver

[.contract]
[[IERC1155Receiver]]
=== `++IERC1155Receiver++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/release-v0.9.0/src/token/erc1155/interface.cairo[{github-icon},role=heading-link]

[.hljs-theme-dark]
```javascript
use openzeppelin::token::erc1155::interface::IERC1155Receiver;
```

Interface for contracts that support receiving token transfers from `ERC1155` contracts.

[.contract-index]
.{inner-src5}
--
0x15e8665b5af20040c3af1670509df02eb916375cdf7d8cbaf7bd553a257515e
--

[.contract-index]
.Functions
--
* xref:#IERC1155Receiver-on_erc1155_received[`++on_erc1155_received(operator, from, token_id, value, data)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155Receiver-on_erc1155_batch_received[`++on_erc1155_batch_received(operator, from, token_ids, values, data)++`]
--

==== Functions

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155Receiver-on_erc1155_received]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++on_erc1155_received++#++(operator: ContractAddress, from: ContractAddress, token_id: u256, value: u256, data Span<felt252>) -> felt252++` [.item-kind]#external#

> Whenever an IERC1155 `token_id` token is transferred to this non-account contract via <<IERC1155-safe_transfer_from,IERC1155::safe_transfer_from>> by `operator` from `from`, this function is called.

Reviewer: this contract is not necessarily a non-account. if an account supports the receiver interface, this method will be called on it

```javascript
use openzeppelin::presets::ERC1155;
```

Basic ERC1155 contract leveraging xref:#ERC1155Component[ERC1155Component].

include::../utils/_class_hashes.adoc[]

[.contract-index]
.{presets-page}
--
{ERC1155-class-hash}
--

[.contract-index]
.Constructor
--
* xref:#ERC1155-constructor[`++constructor(self, token_uri, recipient, token_ids, values)++`]
--

[.contract-index]
.Embedded Implementations
--
.ERC1155Component

* xref:#ERC1155Component-Embeddable-Impls-ERC1155Impl[`++ERC1155Impl++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-Embeddable-Impls-ERC1155MetadataURIImpl[`++ERC1155MetadataURIImpl++`]
* xref:#ERC1155Component-Embeddable-Impls-ER1155CamelImpl[`++ERC1155CamelImpl++`]

.SRC5Component

* xref:api/introspection.adoc#SRC5Component-Embeddable-Impls-SRC5Impl[`++SRC5Impl++`]
--

[#ERC1155-constructor-section]
==== Constructor

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155-constructor]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++constructor++#++(ref self: ContractState, token_uri: ByteArray, recipient: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>)++` [.item-kind]#constructor#

> Sets the `token_uri` and registers the supported interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the `base_uri` for all tokens and registers the supported interfaces.
```

* xref:#IERC1155-safe_transfer_from[`++safe_transfer_from(from, to, token_id, value, data)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-safe_batch_transfer_from[`++safe_batch_transfer_from(from, to, token_ids, values, data)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-is_approved_for_all[`++is_approved_for_all(owner, operator)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-set_approval_for_all[`++set_approval_for_all(operator, approved)++`]
--

[.contract-index]
.Events
--
* xref:#IERC1155-TransferSingle[`++TransferSingle(operator, from, to, id, value)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-TransferBatch[`++TransferBatch(operator, from, to, ids, values)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-ApprovalForAll[`++ApprovalForAll(owner, operator, approved)++`]
* xref:#IERC1155-URI[`++URI(value, id)++`]
--

==== Functions

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155-balance_of]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++balance_of++#++(account: ContractAddress, token_id: u256) → u256++` [.item-kind]#external#

Returns the amount of `token_id` owned by `account`.

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155-balance_of_batch]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++balance_of_batch++#++(accounts: Span<ContractAddress>, token_ids: Span<u256>) → Span<u256>++` [.item-kind]#external#

> Returns a list of balances from `accounts` and `token_ids` corresponding indexes.

Author: That sounds like it should return every token balance for each account when it is just matching indexes (maybe it doesn't sound like that, I'm not the best to say it me being no a native English speaker :( ). I didn't want to go with "Batched version of balance_of" because that does not explain what the method does to someone who is not familiar with the implementation. Agree we should probably update the wording. 

Wdyt?

> Returns a list of balances from `accounts` and `token_ids` corresponding indexes.

Author: Do you have a specific example? I'm sure you would come with a better phrase than me :)

> Returns a list of balances from `accounts` and `token_ids` corresponding indexes.

Reviewer 2: I don't know haha the more I think about it, the more I like your original description. Maybe I need to up my English game :)
Here's another way to phrase it (and let me know what you think): "Returns a list of balances derived from the `accounts` and `token_ids` pairs"

> Returns a list of balances from `accounts` and `token_ids` corresponding indexes.

Author: Applied!

- `from` must have at least `value` amount of tokens of type `token_id`.

Emits a <<ERC1155Component-TransferSingle,TransferSingle>> event.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-batch_burn]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++batch_burn++#++(ref self: ContractState, from: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Batched version of <<ERC1155Component-burn,burn>>.

Requirements:

- `from` cannot be the zero address.
- `from` must have at least `value` amount of tokens of type `token_id`.
- `token_ids` and `values` must have the same length.

Emits a <<ERC1155Component-TransferBatch,TransferBatch>> event.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC1155Component-set_uri]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++set_uri++#++(ref self: ContractState, uri: ByteArray)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Sets a new URI for all token types, by relying on the token type ID
substitution mechanism defined in the ERC1155 standard.

See https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155#metadata.

By this mechanism, any occurrence of the `\{id\}` substring in either the
URI or any of the values in the JSON file at said URI will be replaced by
clients with the token type ID.

> For example, the `https://token-cdn-domain/\{id\}.json` URI would be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the pass:[<code>https://token-cdn-domain/\{id\}.json</code>] URI would be
```
I'm not a fan of this being clickable. I'd change the other other example in this sentence if you agree

Whenever an IERC1155 `token_id` token is transferred to this non-account contract via <<IERC1155-safe_batch_transfer_from,IERC1155::safe_batch_transfer_from>> by `operator` from `from`, this function is called.

[.contract]
[[ERC1155ReceiverComponent]]
=== `++ERC1155ReceiverComponent++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/release-v0.9.0/src/token/erc1155/erc1155_receiver.cairo[{github-icon},role=heading-link]

[.hljs-theme-dark]
```javascript
use openzeppelin::token::erc1155::ERC1155ReceiverComponent;
```

ERC1155Receiver component implementing <<IERC1155Receiver,IERC1155Receiver>>.

NOTE: Implementing xref:api/introspection.adoc#SRC5Component[SRC5Component] is a requirement for this component to be implemented.

[.contract-index#ERC1155ReceiverComponent-Embeddable-Impls]
.Embeddable Implementations
--
.ERC1155ReceiverImpl
* xref:#ERC1155ReceiverComponent-on_erc1155_received[`++on_erc1155_received(self, operator, from, token_id, value, data)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155ReceiverComponent-on_erc1155_batch_received[`++on_erc1155_batch_received(self, operator, from, token_ids, values, data)++`]
--

> [.contract-index#ERC1155Component-Embeddable-Impls-camelCase]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[.contract-index#ERC1155ReceiverComponent-Embeddable-Impls-camelCase]
```

.Embeddable implementations (camelCase)
--
.ERC1155ReceiverCamelImpl
* xref:#ERC1155ReceiverComponent-onERC1155Received[`++onERC1155Received(self, operator, from, tokenId, value, data)++`]
* xref:#ERC1155ReceiverComponent-onERC1155BatchReceived[`++onERC1155BatchReceived(self, operator, from, tokenIds, values, data)++`]
--

[.contract-index]
.Internal Functions
--
.InternalImpl

> * xref:#ERC1155Component-initializer[`++initializer(self)++`]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xref:#ERC1155ReceiverComponent-initializer[`++initializer(self)++`]
```

:github-icon: pass:[<svg class="icon"><use href="#github-icon"/></svg>]

> :eip1155: https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155#metadata[EIP1155]

Reviewer: i think we need to distinguish the base link and the metadata one, some places were linking to the base link like this one in the interface definition
<img width="774" alt="image" src="https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/assets/1703831/7b9c19a1-94eb-41e9-9f7f-45158762adb0">

[[IERC1155-safe_transfer_from]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++safe_transfer_from++#++(from: ContractAddress, to: ContractAddress, token_id: u256,  value: u256, data: Span<felt252>)++` [.item-kind]#external#

> Transfers ownership of `value` amount of `token_id` from `from` if `to` is either an account or `IERC1155Receiver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transfers ownership of `value` amount of `token_id` from `from` if `to` is either `IERC1155Receiver` or an account.
```
slight suggestion of the actual logic

`data` is additional data, it has no specified format and it is passed to `to`.

Emits a <<IERC1155-TransferSingle,TransferSingle>> event.

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155-safe_batch_transfer_from]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++safe_batch_transfer_from++#++(from: ContractAddress, to: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>, data: Span<felt252>)++` [.item-kind]#external#

> Transfers ownership of `values` and `token_ids` pairs from `from` if `to` is either an account or `IERC1155Receiver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transfers ownership of `token_ids` and `values` pairs from `from` if `to` is either `IERC1155Receiver` or an account.
```

==== `[.contract-item-name]#++uri++#++(self: @ContractState, token_id: u256) -> ByteArray++` [.item-kind]#external#

This implementation returns the same URI for *all* token types. It relies
on the token type ID substitution mechanism

> https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155#metadata[specified in the EIP].

Reviewer: we should probably reuse the link defined at the top. i think we can reuse the URL and display different link texts every time it's used

==== `[.contract-item-name]#++update_with_acceptance_check++#++(ref self: ContractState, from: ContractAddress, to: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>, data: Span<felt252>)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Version of `update` that performs the token acceptance check by calling
`onERC1155Received` or `onERC1155BatchReceived` in the receiver if

> the latter is not recognized as an account.

Author: Updated!

[[IERC1155Receiver-on_erc1155_received]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++on_erc1155_received++#++(operator: ContractAddress, from: ContractAddress, token_id: u256, value: u256, data Span<felt252>) -> felt252++` [.item-kind]#external#

> This function is called whenever an IERC1155 `token_id` token is transferred to this IERC1155Receiver implementor

Author: Should we code IERC1155Receiver but not ERC1155? Or should we code both and also token_id which looks a bit weird IMO? I rather the current version (regarding the `` part).

via <<IERC1155-safe_transfer_from,IERC1155::safe_transfer_from>> by `operator` from `from`.

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155Receiver-on_erc1155_batch_received]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++on_erc1155_batch_received++#++(operator: ContractAddress, from: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>, data Span<felt252>) -> felt252++` [.item-kind]#external#

> This function is called whenever an IERC1155 `token_id` token is transferred to this IERC1155Receiver implementor

Author: same as above.

[[IERC1155Receiver-on_erc1155_received]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++on_erc1155_received++#++(operator: ContractAddress, from: ContractAddress, token_id: u256, value: u256, data Span<felt252>) -> felt252++` [.item-kind]#external#

This function is called whenever an ERC1155 `token_id` token is transferred to this `IERC1155Receiver` implementer
via <<IERC1155-safe_transfer_from,IERC1155::safe_transfer_from>> by `operator` from `from`.

[.contract-item]
[[IERC1155Receiver-on_erc1155_batch_received]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++on_erc1155_batch_received++#++(operator: ContractAddress, from: ContractAddress, token_ids: Span<u256>, values: Span<u256>, data Span<felt252>) -> felt252++` [.item-kind]#external#

> This function is called whenever an ERC1155 `token_id` token is transferred to this `IERC1155Receiver` implementer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function is called whenever multiple ERC1155 `token_ids` tokens are transferred to this `IERC1155Receiver` implementer
```
